- [Instructor] Now, let's create
a unit test for our angular application.
When you use the angular CLI,
you will automatically generate a spec unit test for you.
We should have two test currently, app.component.spec.ts
and also reservation.service.spec.ts.
Let's open up the app.component test.
Let's make sure it's configured correctly.
So let's import the ReactiveFormsModule.
Let's important from a angular forms.
Now let's import the HttpClientModule.
And let's import it from angular/common/http.
Now, let's be sure to ask those two modules
to our import statement.
let's copy and paste ReactiveFormsModule,
and add it right below the RouterTestingModule.
Same thing for the HttpClientModule, great.
The angular CLI auto generated three tasks for us.
First, that the app should be created.
That the title should be correct
and that the title is rendered in h1 correctly.
We need to update this assertion to land in hotel.
Now let's open up reservation.service.spec.ts
let's go ahead and import the HttpClientModule here as well.
Let's import it from angular/common/http.
Now let's reformat a bit for readability.
And in the test bed configuration,
let's add an import for that HttpClientModule.
Great now let's go ahead and save,
let's navigate to a terminal,
and CD into the reservation app directory.
Now using the angular CLI, let's execute ng test.
Let's take a look at the reservation service, unit test.
So it looks like we may have a typo
in our test bed configuration.
The import statement in the test bed should be plural,
let's be sure that.
Now let's go ahead and save.
And let's rerun ng test.
Great, it looks like we ran four unit test successfully.